REMOVING CREDITS OR MAKING AN HYBRID:

Since crypto are sometime bad here is how to make the same system without them: 

Goal: making a system where everyone can pay in the currency that he wants and receive in the currency that they want

1: NO CRYPTO:
first: an imperial decentralized protocol would be needed (simple blockchain in python) ==> where smart contract are executed 
on the decentralized imperial protocol (DIP): either registering bank transfer information: IMPORTANT NFTs stays on the ethereum network for now (would have to create a new address/account system)
    schemes:
    user1buy something  --------> a new order is registered with an id, user1 information etc... --------> order is complete and validate by the program (Block is mined ==> bank transfert is completed) ------> user2 is payed and the program automaticaly transfert NFT by using the iet.sol oracle

else: : create a stable coin on the ethereum blockchain (not as indepentend, but easier) and function with an encoder decoder: 
    schemes:
    user1 buy something -------> card is process and he gets the good amount transfert as imperial transfert coin ----------> this amount is then transfer to user2 -----------> by accpeting it, he gets is money and validate the NFT transfer

else

2: HYBRID: first create one of the "Fiat" payment methot that dont rely on any blockchain
after that create a interpreter of cost to compare price to ethereum or any other crypto with the "fiat" price
now those who already have an account on ethereum can pay crypto with a decoder at the end that transfer the crypto payment in fiat

1: To instore an hybrid environment: you can used the $credit as long as you can make him fit the 1:1 criteria of the stablecoin (see https://github.com/FraxFinance/frax-solidity the Frax project for 
 algorithmic stable coin). You can keep the credit backend using f2c with mogo api on it to minimise the fee on transaction. An encoder decoder can be easly made to transfer money using f2c. A new AMM could be coded/oracle to get the usd price compare to multiple sources and stabilize the token

2: a DIP could be instore in a long term environment where there are no things related to the payments that rely on ethereum blockchain . The decentralized protocol would be able to track and confirm transaction and running 100% on mogo nodes. the 
chain would still be public so people can mine and see the blockchain. they would be rewarded. It could also be used to to more things than solidity programs and expend the range of accessibity. It would also be connect to smart contract to still, be in touch with the NFTs. Finally, it could be used by
others to manage their payments and be using imperial products. (no crypto chain, so more of a decentralized protocol using proof of transaxtion to validate a imperial market or others orders )

api such as: https://developer.mastercard.com/product/account-to-account-commerce
             https://developer.visa.com/capabilities/visa_direct/docs-how-to
must be used in the DIP to confirm transaction and "mine" the block
 
DIP: a solidity oracle could interact with the DIP and automatise the transactions once completed (see iet.sol )